Explicit TLD and RFC acronyms on first use (#210)
Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants/varyingvagrantvagrants.org: docs/en-US/troubleshooting/dev-tld.md

permalink: /docs/en-US/troubleshooting/dev-tld/
---

A lot of people use the `.dev` domain for local development, but this top-level domain (TLD) is actually owned by Google, and isn't free for development. They've begun enforcing special rules on sites using this domain when using Chrome. You also run the risk of clashes with Google owned domains.

The fix is simple, switch to `.test`, here, you'll find instructions on converting existing sites over. For this reason, the dashboard supports `http://vvv.test`

## Why not about `.local` or `.localhost`?

> `.test`, `.local`, and `.localhost` are all protected by RFCs (Request for Comments) and can't be bought as `.dev` was by Google. However, they have strings attached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.test`, `.local`, and `.localhost` domains are all protected by standards documented in RFCs (Request for Comments) and cannot be bought as `.dev` was by Google. However, they have specific purposes and strings attached.
```

> `.local` is used by zeroconf and bonjour to make computers on a local network easier to use. For example, if I name my machine `vvv`, other computers can reach it at `vvv.local`. This would break VVV's dashboard however.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `.local` is used by zeroconf and bonjour to make computers on a local network easier to use. For example, if I name my machine `vvv`, other computers can reach it at `vvv.local`. This might stop you reaching VVV's dashboard however. You can use `.local` for VVV sites but it is not recommended.
```
